they see this is what happens when I try
it to be nice to you you start
on me I'm just teasing
I just cheese Travis what is the end of
the quarter final stage I'm joined right
now by Avila May with coverage presented
by Omni sash to talk a little bit about
everything what have you thought so far
it's been a while since I talked to you
I think rift rivals I talk to you almost
every single day went on camera on
camera yeah I mean a lot of stuff has
gone on besides I've had a long week
besides the quarterfinals that we just
saw today and yesterday I've also been
working on all the Academy matches every
single series has gone to five games
this is the first series this week that
has not gone to five games I think no
wait there was a four game but there
were a lot of back-to-back five games
but and you'd you'd think that like oh
my gosh they're long you want to get
home you want to play Wow but they were
actually all pretty quality games all
pretty quality series which is exciting
for me because I enjoy watching the
teams go back and forth I'm excited to
see cloud 9 academy take on CLG academy
for that stuff I'm I was pumped I was in
the middle of my real interview when I
had my producer in my ear say hey so
well liquid just chose hundred thieves
I'm like oh that's juicy so asking about
that there was impact so you did
announce it in the middle of that yeah I
did announce it in the middle of that
that's funny because I like we were
trying to figure out in the press box we
heard that more likely she's just in
that one but you did I did yeah so oh
cool I did that was cool I got to do an
announcement um I had thought at first
it was just gonna be like a quick
interview with their rep who would do
the announcing but yeah it just came
over my ear and I was like alright I'll
run with it yeah good what what's it
like for you this playoffs what do you
think of all the different teams and the
storylines anything in particular that
you're excited about I was bummed that
Fox got knocked out I mean of course you
know TSM Fox that's probably a match
that I would have liked to see and
semifinals just because I was talking to
flowers about this like they're both
crazy volatile team
and it could have gone either way which
is why it went to a full five-game
series yeah boys smoothie
that yeah that series like I it's super
great that TSM came out on top but I
still kind of wanted to see how far Fox
could go into this but is it great that
they came out on top you you were
rooting for TSM I mean I can't root for
people I have to be like this
but I know you said my boy smoothie I
know I can like players get off my back
they see this is what happens when I try
it to be nice to you you start
on I'm just teasing I just cheese Travis
I've lost my train of thought thank you
I'm just gonna hold this I feel more
comfortable when I'm holding this I mean
it would have been pretty freakin bad if
TSM got knocked out in quarterfinals
again cuz that would be the second time
this year a full year of them not even
making it to semifinals when they used
to be a finals contender every single
split so that would have been like okay
so are you excited - I assume you're
working Oakland yeah I mean now you're
at the point where it's just assumed so
you can see that am I allowed to say
that I mean I like I it's not like
they're gonna announce it you're there
yes so it's gonna be the biggest Arena
you've ever done are you nervous I'm
terrified
so for Miami we had that theater and
there was still like a significant chunk
of people in there but I basically had
like the first anything on stage where I
walked out and I had to give a fro movie
MVP award so when first of all that
thing was heavy and it's made of like
crystal or glass I was convinced that I
was gonna drop it so I was like
clutching it I'm wearing high heels I
had never worn before ever and I'm
trying to like walk out onto stage and I
stand there in the center and I go hello
Miami and everyone starts going and
screaming and losing their and I'm
like oh my gosh
and what I didn't realize because when I
came back to the control room truck
aleus our beautiful rider who's like I
thought it was so cute when in the
middle you were just like wow oh my gosh
I looked and I'm like that was out loud
I thought that was in my head oh but
okay you could take the mic now come
take I'm talking a lot well anyway
same vicious is waiting so where I'm
gonna have asked you a quick question I
try anything so let me feel you went on
what happened here Travis had his what
this is all secret it's all secret
nobody needs to know
yeah well I wanted no no I wanted to
catch up but I mean I I mean I'm sure
he's been working hard to coach the team
and so that's probably why you are hire
I dermaphollica see you would be
surprised how often you see like all of
the LCS players on wow you shouldn't see
that's me the question I had all that I
weighed the guilt I know it's public
like all the c9 players I asked the c9
players about that in an interview I was
like Jensen we see you guys on Wow all
the time and you're tweeting about it
all the time and he's like now we're
playing better because of it I'm like
okay do you got uh you excited for next
weekend I am very excited for next
weekend do you know what is next weekend
semi finals it is the semi final so I
just wanted to check and make sure I'm
gonna miss one of the days unfortunately
where are you going I'm working on a
charity event it's for charity
your life is a charity event is there
anything you want to say to do anything
got one when are you gonna ask me like
questions I finally feel confident to
talk about things to you
besides anime and dogs and you just run
out of question who's gonna win next
week Oh am I allowed to say that I don't
know I don't know man I think the most
exciting match though is gonna be excuse
me
Team Liquid vs. hundred thieves because
that's basically last splits fine
match and it's gonna be the big rematch
and every single time they faced them it
kind of had like a losing record over
the split but TSM c9 is gonna be cool
too because those are basically that was
like a finals match in previous splits
too and now they're all like all of the
teams are completely different from when
they faced each other before
besides hundred thieves liquid so I'm
pumped okay whatever you say we gotta do
this Saints waiting Saint what I don't
love what are you what item level are
you damn it he's higher I'm only 339
thank you everyone for supporting Travis
by watching his Omni slash interviews he
has to talk to Saint now so I guess we
know who the favorite child is I suck at
this this I asked people what they want
to say my social media is awfully may
and my stream is awfully made oh no it's
awfully May you told me he said don't
get overly just do all believe me so I
listened to Travis I listened to Travis
yeah I stream sometimes and it's been
pretty cool so come and stay for a while
and for the League of Legends coverage
you can catch all of my content here on
my youtube channel thanks to coverage
presented by Omni slash faith